It snows heavily today but we have to go to CS400 lecture. I needed to walk from
 humanities to Biochemistry building. I felt like I was in the South Pole right
 now. Suddenly I saw a guy wearing T-shirt coming into the building. As I went
 into the lecture hall, I saw more and more people wearing T-shirts. Suddenly,
 everyone's head turned into weird shapes and their skin turned into green.
 I was really scared, and then I found out that nobody could see me. I said hi
 to my classmates and they just ignore me. It was so wierd and I figured out
 two possibilities of this situation: one is that I traveled from another world for
 some reason to this ghost city and the other is that I am the ghost. When I opened
 my laptop to submit the p2 project assignment, I found nothing in my laptop-it
 was just blank. And then....  

Our professor suddenly asks all the students to draw a RBT diagram by inserting
6,000,000,000 pair of key value and the name of the person in the world. So 
I stand up and yell "NO! Why are we doing this? Why do you change instruction 
so often without publishing any notice? You even change it 2 hours before the
due time!" But no one answers me. They just can't see me and it seems like I 
have disapeared from this town... Everyone in the classroom is drawing the tree
diagram. The boy seating by me is working on his 250250's pair, that has a name
McDonald Trouble.The clock has stopped. I don't know what to do. So I sit down and
stare at my laptop. The laptop just makes sound that has a frequency of 200000Hz
for 0.1429 seconds. Then it turns on and starts to self-delete everything, 
including the p2 project. "Worst day ever", I cry. I choose to go back to my dorm
and have a bag of oreo.

As I was finishing my bag of oreos, I tried to recall exactly what happened today. 
Strangely, I couldn't. Wait, this is a dream! But why does it feel so real? And why
can't I get out of this? 
"This is not a dream. You broke the matrix." A voice sounded in my head.
"What? A matrix?" 
"Yes. You broke it."
"How? Who are you?"
...
Nothing. The voice is gone. Wait, I think I remembered something. I was experimenting
with a Java runtime called TheMatrix instead of AdoptOpenJDK. This must be why! Our world
is a matrix, and I somehow stumbled upon its runtime environment! To make matters worse,
I ran a Java program on TheMatrix:
while (true) {
	System.out.println(random.nextInt());
}
It seems like I'm stuck in this matrix of randomness forever. Well, might as well make the
most out of it. I borrowed a book about implementing every single data structure from 
college library and lived happily ever after.
